How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the
bug that was introduced?

    This reduced information overload.  By cutting things down to just
    what changed it was easier to see the changes

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
more efficient programmer in the long term?

    Roll back stupid changes.
    Find out who made a change that seem to be problematic.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google docs does?

    Manual saves cuts down the number of state changes one might have to look at.
    Supposedly each save change reflects a specific completed though or set of thoughts
    and are hopefully or likely working code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
file separately?

    Again Context matters with programs your various commits hopefully reflect a state
    of files that should work ok together.  Google only care about the state of a
    single file.  And it is gathering the text / click streams any way.  So they keep
    it.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

    git log shows a summary of all of the changes and provide a uniquie id for each of 
    these changes.  git diff will allow me to see the specific changes that have been
    made between two different versions of the files.  (These changes may be in more
    than one file.)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something?

    If I can successfully roll back it is easier to have the courage to try something
    even something that makes substantial changes.  If it turns out to be a dead end. 
    Then at least we can get back to something that is working at least as well as
    things were working before the attempted changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?

    Fill in your answer here